We recommend you delete your previous war40k scripts and any alliance scripts and directories you might still have before you put this new code in.  It's going to be the first thing we ask about when you complain about having problems.
Just place the War40k.cs and the scripts.vol into a directory called War40k and run it as you would any other mod.
One word of caution: If you run this mod non dedicated you shouldn't be running any other scripts.  There are a few issues with loaded scripts interfering with running this mod in non-dedicated server mode.

A few notes:
We redid the tab menu a little because there were just too many options being put in.  Super admins can do a lot more now so be careful who you give this power to.  Most functions are selectable and are in the war40k.cs file.
Other options for the War40k.cs file:
VoteDTD - Vote to enable Team Damage Scale
VoteFFA - Vote to enable/disable tournament mode.  (Total War Mode.)
KeepBalanced - Enables team balancing.
Meteor - Enables random meteor showers.  Very CPU intensive but kind of cool.  :)
Warlives - Number of times players can die in Total War Mode.
RaceOption -  Make it equal 0 for team/race specific inventory stations. 1 will set it so all inventorys give only Space Marine Armors and weapons. 2 gives only Eldar weapons and armors.  3 will make everything available.
Team Energies - how much energy each team gets before it can buy nothing more.  Set to Infinite for no worry shopping.
Turret Scoring - gives points to the person who set the turret when a turret kills someone.
War40k Weapons - Will turn on/off the weapon projectile selection in the tab menu.
Random Missions - sets the server to randomly pick a mission from the mission list.  We ahve had problems with some of the training missions so unless you've built a custom missionlist, we suggest you delete the training missions from the Tribes server.
Team Energy Cheat = Basically gives unlimited energy.
Inc Team Energy - goes hand in hand with Sec Team Energy.  Basically gives this amount of energy every Sec Team Energy seconds.
Item Respawn Time - How long after an item is picked up that the item will appear again.
Remote Ammo Energy - How much energy a remote ammo unit has.  (Basicly useless since the ammo doesn't cost a thing...)
Remote Inv Energy - How much energy the remote inventories get.
Remote Com Energy - energy for the remote command stations. (Don't ask me, I just work here...)
Team-mate Spending - How much an individual has to spend in order for team messages to go out saying they've been bad. ;)
Warn Energy Low - The value the team energy has to reach before Team Messages go out to warn of low energy.
Initial Player Energy - The amount of credit players get when joining the game.
Server Cheats & Test Cheats - Right now just used for armors but we may put in a few bonuses later.
Auto Respawn - Whether or not the server will automatically respawn a player or if the player must press fire to respawn.
Auto Admin, Super Admin, Ban, & Mute - Just what the doctor ordered.  Will automatically do just what it says.  Muted people are banned from nearly all forms of communication including commander stuff.  (One side effect, muted people can't set waypoints through the command menu.)
Team Preset - Now this is a great option.  Automatically assigns the player to a specific team.  Including observer if you set it to -1.  Keep in mind that the first team is 0, the second 1, etc.

Aside from the enhanced flexibility of the war40k.cs file, most of the updates this time around are in armor and weapon tweaks.  Special damage types now work a lot smoother.  Shields now work on the principle of deflecting energy.  The Storm Demon's beacon doesn't remove your weapon from your hand any more.  The Assault and Hawk packs now give energy when activated.  Things like that.  We hope you enjoy these little things and if Stiletto's server is any indication there are going to be a lot of packed servers.  We have seen a few server resets that seem to happen when people respawn but we don't have enough data to track it down.  (Even harder to track since it happens so infrequently.  Just wanted to warn you of the possibility.

We are currently trying to track down a weapon that's leaving a sound residue when it hits things.  Any help you can give would be appreciated.

If you find any bugs, please let us know.  The more we can fix the better the mod will run.
Thanks for all your support!  Without you guys we wouldn't have servers and without them, no player base.  Enjoy!